on the main screen, click settings after
access middle contacts calendars
click add account in the next
screen choose another
select the middle account and fill in the
data according to the account created
we recommend the option and map to
configuration
it allows synchronization between and
mails from your iphone and your webmail in
mail servers in the
host name field in form pop dot
your domain the username and password
will be your account being created
and her password respectively in
the outgoing mail server in the
host name in form smp & b point your
domain the user name and passwords will be
your account being created and the
password respectively
after clicking next you will be informed the
error
server identity can not be
verified
click Details, and then click OK.
now just click save to
adjust the smp settings b
select your domain and after your account
on the screen contacts calendars in
Outgoing mail server option
smtt will be common click and submenu
select the primary server option
make sure that the option is csl and
is disabled and the door of the
servers is 57
returning to the account menu, click
advanced
deactivate the sl option and set the
port from server to 143
if you wish on this same screen you can
configure drafts messages options
sent deleted messages ready your
account has been successfully configured
to access it back to the applications and
start e-mail